welcome to extreme quest were backstage
at the Intel Extreme Masters global
challenge in Los Angeles the
competitions are well underway and to
the team's favor here likely favored to
go on to the finals in March our team
pentagram or PGs from Poland as well as
team fanatic another Swedish team let's
go meet team fanatic right now
I've Jana always been playing computer
games so I came from China of a
high-tech family my first computer was a
Commodore 64 you know playing this
really old school games and then went on
to eight bits nintendo and
me guess and so on so I can always been
playing computer games i usually get it
try to get up around you know 12 or
something not not too late then I might
I go down to the town I live in and have
lunch with friends or whatever we start
to practice like six or something and
then we practice until like 12 or
something 11 12 then I usually play some
poker online or you know watch I'm
serious or movies or go out with my
friends so that's the usual thing I was
playing a lot of sports or really into
sports and I played in the junior
national team in golf actually in Sweden
I've been tournaments here in the states
and stuff in golf so that was my main
sport but I think most of the most of
the professional computer gamers they
was quite success successful in the
sport before kiss then you have to be
really competitive to be good at
computer games you have to you know have
this mental focus that you need in
sports as well if you're not competitive
if you don't want to win every time you
won't make make it with in computer
games my friend at a garage well we had
about six computers so during our breaks
in school we all went down to his place
and after school played to play
different games and played start out
playing half-life and counter-strike ism
basically a modification of half-life in
the beginning so we start playing
counter-strike for the fun of it and I
ended up better than the rest of them
and start playing more and more we're
ranked first and some people say that
we're second it's between us and a
polish team called pjs PR islands okay
bit the crap around this corner of
course people don't generally like
people play games but if I explain for
them it's my job and I own money from it
and travel the things can okay Henry
but when we arrived at the airport they
are like the god they'd remember us
since the serious pictures or cheering
tournaments and it wants an autograph so
it's kinda crazy in Asia especially in
China it's very big it's a new scene
overall so it's very hard to predict
anything and everything can change
during a day but I see us together in at
least one year to get from now playing
and having this much fun we have today
so as you can see the guys from team
fanatic or very cool but also very
competitive when they're gaining you'll
have to tune in along our journey to the
finals to see how they do and until the
next quest will see you
you